Drawing

  : To start drawing - just press your finger
    inside of the dark grey drawing square
    that contains the white guidelines and
    move your finger.

  : Drawing Requirements - You must draw from
    left to right. If your finger goes to
    the left, the drawing square will stop
    you from drawing anymore until you press
    the fix drawing button. This button deletes
    the right to left point you drew and allows
    the drawing to begin again.

  : Drawing Tip 1 - To keep your drawing from
    have un-straight lines, it is recommended to
    draw as quickly as possible to stop the
    device from picking up a bunch of extra
    points that causes the line to be squiggly.

  : Drawing Tip 2 - If you want an extremely
    straight line, start a drawing point by
    touching and slightly moving your finger
    in the direction you want the line to go
    and then stop by picking up your finger.
    Next press down where you want the
    straight line end and slightly move your finger
    and it will produce a straight line from the
    start point to the end point.

  : Drawing Tip 3 - Draw as large as possible.
    The larger you draw, the greater the
    resemblance the output wave will have
    compared to the drawing. When you draw
    smaller, you may not see some of the
    squiggly lines you accidentally make
    and will not see until the output of
    the wave


Saving FreeSketch Waves

  : Save Button - To correctly save a FreeSketch
    wave, all of the wave inputs and units must
    be inputed, all values and units must be in
    the supported ranges, and a wave must be
    hand drawn to save. If something is missing
    an Error alert will show the missing
    information.

  : Wave File Name - The user can choose to input
    a customized name inside of the file name input
    box or opt out by just pressing save. The app
    will always save your wave with the type of
    WaveSketch and an unique identifier attached
    to the end of the name.

  : File Location - All of the files saved from
    app will be saved into a WavesSketch File
    located in your files app. To access them,
    starting from the home screen, tap the file
    app. Then select "On My iPhone" under the
    location tab. A screen of files will appear
    and select the WaveSketch File. All of
    the saved wave files are located here.

Clearing Drawing / Inputs

  : To clear a custom wave drawing press
    the clear button at the top left of the
    screen. To clear the input data and reset
    the units double tap the clear button at
    the top left of the screen.
